# Generate the offset plots and the histograms for the analysis 

- **morph_full_sig.py** generates two figures. Firstly, the histograms with the morphological distribution of the galaxies in the full MaNGA sample, as well as the mass distribution of the galaxies that we study and their redshift distribution, divided according to their interacting status as SIG or interacting galaxies, and according to their bar probability. Secondly, the histograms with the morphological distribution of the galaxies in the SDSS-based isolated galaxies subsample, as well as the mass distribution of the galaxies that we study and their redshift distribution, divided according to their AGN status and according to their bar probability.

- **graphs_fullmangasample.py** generates two figures of the entire MaNGA sample: firstly, a graph that represents the offset between the kinematic centre of each of the components and the optical nucleus, and secondly, a graph that represents the offset between the kinematic offsets of each of the components.

- **graphs_lowz.py** generates two figures of the low redshift subsample (z<0.03): firstly, a graph that represents the offset between the kinematic centre of each of the components and the optical nucleus, and secondly, a graph that represents the offset between the kinematic offsets of each of the components.

- **graphs_SIGsubsample.py** generates two figures of the SDSS-based isolated galaxy subsample: firstly, a graph that represents the offset between the kinematic centre of each of the components and the optical nucleus, and secondly, a graph that represents the offset between the kinematic offsets of each of the components.

- **morph_sig_someoffset_nooffset.py** generates two figures. Firstly, the histograms with the morphological distribution of the galaxies in the SIG subsample with no offset in any of the components, as well as the mass distribution of the galaxies that we study and their redshift distribution, divided according to their AGN status and according to their bar probability. Secondly, the histograms with the morphological distribution of the galaxies in the SIG subsample with an offset in some of the components, as well as the mass distribution of the galaxies that we study and their redshift distribution, divided according to their AGN status and according to their bar probability.
